README.md, before:

# Colorize

[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/aec222e1-64ae-4360-a849-d077040694ca)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-kamikillerto-vscode-colorize) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/errygb6n97kiq75a?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize) [![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/KamiKillertO/vscode_colorize.svg)](https://github.com/KamiKillertO/vscode_colorize) ![VS Code Marketplace](http://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version-short/kamikillerto.vscode-colorize.svg)

Instantly visualize css colors in your css/sass/scss/less/pcss/sss files.

This extension scan your styles files looking for colors and generate a colored background for each of them.  
The background is generated/updated from the color.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kamikillerto/vscode-colorize/master/assets/demo.gif)

## Features

- Generate colored background for css hexa color
-  🆕 Generate colored background for rgb hexa color
-  🆕 Generate colored background for rgba hexa color
- Update the background when the color is updated

## Roadmap

- [x] Generate background for hexa colors
- [x] Update background on color updates
- [x] Generate background for rgb colors
- [~] Generate background for rgba colors
- [ ] Generate background for hsl colors
- [ ] Generate background for hsla colors
- [ ] Generate background for Predefined/Cross-browser colors
- [ ] Generate background for preprocessor variables
- [ ] Generate background for css variables

## Release Notes

### Latest 0.3.1 (2017.02.08)

- Fix an issue where one space after rgb(a) colors was included in the colored background
- Speed up colored background generation for long files

### 0.3.0 (2017.02.04)

- Add support for PostCSS
- Generate background for RGB colors
- Generate background for RGBa colors

### 0.2.1 (2017.01.26)

- Fix some background update issues

### 0.2.0 (2017.01.25)

- Huge code refacto
- Dramatically improvement colored background updates

### 0.1.0 (2017.01.17)

- First Release
- Add support for css hexa colors
- Background update on color update

See [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information.

## Contributing

Bugs, feature requests and more, in [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize/issues).

Commit message:

Prepare release. Update readme/changelog and update version

README.md, after:

# Colorize

[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/aec222e1-64ae-4360-a849-d077040694ca)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-kamikillerto-vscode-colorize) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/errygb6n97kiq75a?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize) [![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/KamiKillertO/vscode_colorize.svg)](https://github.com/KamiKillertO/vscode_colorize) ![VS Code Marketplace](http://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version-short/kamikillerto.vscode-colorize.svg)

Instantly visualize css colors in your css/sass/less/postcss/stylus/XML files.

This extension  your styles files looking for colors and generate a colored background (using the color) for each of them.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kamikillerto/vscode-colorize/master/assets/demo.gif)

## Features

- Generate colored background for css hexa color
-  🆕 Generate colored background for rgb hexa color
-  🆕 Generate colored background for rgba hexa color
- Update the background when the color is updated

## Roadmap

- [x] Generate background for hexa colors
- [x] Update background on color updates
- [x] Generate background for rgb colors
- [~] Generate background for rgba colors
- [ ] Generate background for hsl colors
- [ ] Generate background for hsla colors
- [ ] Generate background for Predefined/Cross-browser colors
- [ ] Generate background for preprocessor variables
- [ ] Generate background for css variables

## Release Notes

### Latest 0.3.2 (2017.02.23)

- Stylus support
- XML support
- Fix some background update issues

### Latest 0.3.1 (2017.02.08)

- Fix an issue where one space after rgb(a) colors was included in the colored background
- Speed up colored background generation for long files

### 0.3.0 (2017.02.04)

- Add support for PostCSS
- Generate background for RGB colors
- Generate background for RGBa colors

### 0.2.1 (2017.01.26)

- Fix some background update issues

### 0.2.0 (2017.01.25)

- Huge code refacto
- Dramatically improvement colored background updates

### 0.1.0 (2017.01.17)

- First Release
- Add support for css hexa colors
- Background update on color update

See [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information.

## Contributing

Bugs, feature requests and more are welcome here [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/KamiKillertO/vscode-colorize/issues).
